Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out.
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. 
Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. 
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Well done is better than well said.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
Live life to the fullest and focus on the positive.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
You’re off to great places, today is your day. Your mountain is waiting, so get on your way.
You always pass failure on the way to success.
Winning doesn’t always mean being first. Winning means you’re doing better than you’ve done before.
You’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
The only time you fail is when you fall down and stay down.
When you are enthusiastic about what you do, you feel this positive energy. It’s very simple.
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.
You are never too old to set another goal or dream a new dream.
The struggle you’re in today is developing the strength you need tomorrow.
Every day may not be good... but there’s something good in every day.
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
Hard work keeps the wrinkles out of the mind and spirit.